README.md, before:

Ebblink iOS SDK
==============

A library to integrate Ebblink private image sharing capabilities into your iOS app.


Table of Contents
=================
**Getting Started**

1. [Requirements](#requirements)
2. [Setup](#setup)
3. [Quick Start](#quick-start)
4. [Terms and Conditions](#terms-and-conditions)


Requirements
--------------

- iOS 8+


Setup
-------------

Add the following to your Podfile:

```sh

pod 'ebblinkSDK', :git => 'https://github.com/ebbapp/ebblinkSDK'
```


Quick Start
-------------


##### Instantiate Ebblink iOS SDK
To get a token write us at info@fiveopenbooks.com
The userId is a parameter that identifies a unique user. You can use any string such the unique identifier, the user email, whatever.
```Objective-C
+ (void)initWithToken:(NSString*)token andUserId:(NSString*)userId;
```

##### Set processing mode
By default the processing is done on the device. Optionally, you can select that the processing happens on the server.
```Objective-C

+ (void)setProcessingMode:(EBProcessingMode)processingMode;
```

##### Upload a new image

```Objective-C

+ (void) p3ImageUpload:(UIImage*)image duration:(NSNumber*) duration completion:(void (^)(NSString* imageId, NSString* password, NSString* publicLink, NSString* error))completionBlock;
```

##### View shared image

```Objective-C

+ (void) p3ImageView:(NSString*)imageId withPassword:(NSString*)password completion:(void (^)(UIImage* image, NSString* error))completionBlock;

```
##### Check image status

```Objective-C
+ (void) p3ImageStatus:(NSString*)imageId completion:(void (^)(NSDictionary* dictionary, NSString* error))completionBlock;

```

##### Delete image shared image


```Objective-C
+ (void) p3ImageKill:(NSString*)imageId completion:(void (^)(BOOL success, NSString* error))completionBlock;

```


Terms and Conditions
----------------

You can find our terms and conditions in the following url:

    http://www.fiveopenbooks.com/terms

Commit message:

ADD explanation in processing mode

README.md, after:

Ebblink iOS SDK
==============

A library to integrate Ebblink private image sharing capabilities into your iOS app.


Table of Contents
=================
**Getting Started**

1. [Requirements](#requirements)
2. [Setup](#setup)
3. [Quick Start](#quick-start)
4. [Terms and Conditions](#terms-and-conditions)


Requirements
--------------

- iOS 8+


Setup
-------------

Add the following to your Podfile:

```sh

pod 'ebblinkSDK', :git => 'https://github.com/ebbapp/ebblinkSDK'
```


Quick Start
-------------


##### Instantiate Ebblink iOS SDK
To get a token write us at info@fiveopenbooks.com
The userId is a parameter that identifies a unique user. You can use any string such the unique identifier, the user email, whatever.
```Objective-C
+ (void)initWithToken:(NSString*)token andUserId:(NSString*)userId;
```

##### Set processing mode
There are two possible processing modes:
- ```Device```: the encryption and decryption of the image is performed on the user's device. This means that the image is uploaded to our servers fully encrypted.
- ```Server```: the encryption and decryption of the image is performed on our server. This means that during the network data transfer from our servers to the device the image is not encrypted. The processing time may vary depending on the device specifications. By default the processing mode is ```Device```.
```Objective-C

+ (void)setProcessingMode:(EBProcessingMode)processingMode;
```

##### Upload a new image

```Objective-C

+ (void) p3ImageUpload:(UIImage*)image duration:(NSNumber*) duration completion:(void (^)(NSString* imageId, NSString* password, NSString* publicLink, NSString* error))completionBlock;
```

##### View shared image

```Objective-C

+ (void) p3ImageView:(NSString*)imageId withPassword:(NSString*)password completion:(void (^)(UIImage* image, NSString* error))completionBlock;

```
##### Check image status

```Objective-C
+ (void) p3ImageStatus:(NSString*)imageId completion:(void (^)(NSDictionary* dictionary, NSString* error))completionBlock;

```

##### Delete image shared image


```Objective-C
+ (void) p3ImageKill:(NSString*)imageId completion:(void (^)(BOOL success, NSString* error))completionBlock;

```


Terms and Conditions
----------------

You can find our terms and conditions in the following url:

    http://www.fiveopenbooks.com/terms
